Work done by Hassan 

    1.	Project file creation 
    2.	Creating all the pages (cshtml.cs and cshtml)
    3.	Made all the contain in the _Layout.cshtml (nav, pages, footer ) including  dropdown and 
        footer section links
    4.	Fix the mobile responsive for all the pages in the main css file to keep one scrollbar in the webpage,
        it will work with Chrome, Safari, Opera, IE, Edge and Firefox
        (page contents done by the page team)
    5.  I changed the scroll bar color
    6.	Included the social icon in the footer section and organize it for mobile responsive  
    7.	Add the privacy page 
    8.	I made the ( introduction , research , Trezor wallet , use the wallet ) in learn page 
    9.	I made in links page ( exchange websites , wallets (some links from Nabil), ATM , Miner Pool section , 
        in Tutorials (Bitcoin mining link ), 
        in Tutorials section ( I add the recieved links from Nabil , Bakish , Shilpa)
    10.	Bio page ( I received photos and description from the team members and update it in the file )
    11.	Contact page ,to make the form active I made some research to get the PHP file and link it with the form 
    12.	I gathered all the pages from the team and arrange it in one project       


Work done by Shilpa

    1. Logo
    2. About page
    3. Own bio information
    4. link-bitcoin in a nutshell


Work done by Bakish Panday

    1. History Research from starting to 2014
    2. CSS update for Histroy page
    3. HTML update for History page
    4. Link update 
    5. Bio page update


Work done by Razan
1. History research from 2015- 2020
2. Write HTML and CSS  for history page
3. Desgin 2 clarifiation charts (using photoshop) 
4. Add background for all pages.
5. Update drop list in history page 





Work done by Nabil
1. Learn Research 
2. Write  CSS  & HTML for Learn Page
3. Update HTML in  link page ("How to send and receive bitcoins", "Bay bitcoins")
4. Add Rating Star in learn page.



Work done by Rui Teng
1. Study cryptocompare API interface
2. Implement index.cshtml and index.cshtml.cs with 100 crypto coins ordered by top trading volume last 24 hours
3. Create candle stick graph for each coin displayed from index page, which implemented with javascript graph.js
4. Create weekly only graph call interface for newsletter
5. The obove Implementation requiered me to create CryptoAPI folder with Fetch.cs and Models folder to store C# classes 
6. Create global call interface in program.cs
7. Update bio to the bio menu
8. Code integration from team shell and API
9. Study the possibility to dispaying real time price changes every two second using timer, and
    found it is not possible using razor page only. An interface like AJAX to make partiell page update is required.
    However, real time update is possible with Blazor WASM using timer mechanism.
10. Create github repository for CryptoCanuck project

Works done by Josh Eugenio
- api call for crypto prices
- created prices class to properly store prices
- created a crypto converter that uses allows the user to choose one of the top 100 crypto currencies 
    and calculates the price into USD CAD JPY or EUR
- created a form that takes in a crypto currency and the amount of that currency to be calculated
- created a chart that displays the the calculated prices

Works done by Allaura
-newsletter email subscription function and page
-admin page for newsletter, would normally have a login that once passed would give access but removed it so everyone 
    has access to it for testing and review 
-SQLite db CryptoCanuckNewsletter db
    -> stores subscriber info (would store admin info if left in) and newsletter message entries
    -> all StoredProceedures needed saved structure of db and sp in txt file for reference by all
    -> create or update table function to open the database so information is written back to it and stored, this 
        function is saved in the EmailBlast.cs for ease of use
-email out of newsletter when there is an update all emails have an unsubscribe function that runs that sp 
-unsubscribe function set MailerList status to D, emails only sent to those with status A
